README.md, before:

# Java A2A SDK (WIP)

This project (currently WIP) will provide a Java SDK implementation of Google's [Agent2Agent protocol (A2A)](https://google.github.io/A2A/).

## Specification

The majority of the classes required by the specification can currently be found in the [src/main/java/io/a2a/spec](https://github.com/fjuma/a2a-java-sdk/tree/main/src/main/java/io/a2a/spec) directory.

## Client

An *initial* [A2AClient](https://github.com/fjuma/a2a-java-sdk/blob/main/src/main/java/io/a2a/client/A2AClient.java) class has been added. This is very much work in progress, we are working on implementing the methods required by the client side of the protocol.

### Sample Usage

#### Create a client

```java
// Create an A2AClient (the URL specified is the server agent's URL)
A2AClient client = new A2AClient("http://localhost:1234");
```

#### Send a message

```java
// Send a text message to the server agent
Message message = A2A.toUserMessage("tell me a joke"); // the message ID will be automatically generated for you
MessageSendParams params = new MessageSendParams.Builder()
        .id("task-1234") // id is optional
        .message(message)
        .build();
SendMessageResponse response = client.sendMessage(params);        
```

Note that `A2A#toUserMessage` will automatically generate a message ID for you when creating the `Message` 
if you don't specify it. You can also explicitly specify a message ID like this:

```java
Message message = A2A.toUserMessage("tell me a joke", "message-1234"); // messageId is message-1234
```

#### Get a task

```java
// Retrieve the task with id "task-1234"
GetTaskResponse response = client.getTask("task-1234");

// You can also specify the maximum number of items of history for the task
// to include in the response
GetTaskResponse response = client.getTask(new TaskQueryParams("task-1234", 10));
```

#### Cancel a task

```java
// Cancel the task we previously submitted with id "task-1234"
CancelTaskResponse response = client.cancelTask("task-1234");

// You can also specify additional properties using a map
Map<String, Object> metadata = ...        
CancelTaskResponse response = client.cancelTask(new TaskIdParams("task-1234", metadata));
```

#### Get the push notification configuration for a task

```java
// Get task push notification
GetTaskPushNotificationResponse response = client.getTaskPushNotificationConfig("task-1234");

// You can also specify additional properties using a map
Map<String, Object> metadata = ...
GetTaskPushNotificationResponse response = client.getTaskPushNotificationConfig(new TaskIdParams("task-1234", metadata));
```

#### Set the push notification configuration for a task

```java
// Set task push notification configuration
PushNotificationConfig pushNotificationConfig = new PushNotificationConfig.Builder()
        .url("https://example.com/callback")
        .authenticationInfo(new AuthenticationInfo(Collections.singletonList("jwt"), null))
        .build());
SetTaskPushNotificationResponse response = client.setTaskPushNotificationConfig("task-1234", pushNotificationConfig);
```

#### Send a streaming message

```java
// Send a text message to the remote agent
Message message = A2A.toUserMessage("tell me some jokes"); // the message ID will be automatically generated for you
MessageSendParams params = new MessageSendParams.Builder()
        .id("task-1234") // id is optional
        .message(message)
        .build();

// Create a handler that will be invoked for Task, Message, TaskStatusUpdateEvent, and TaskArtifactUpdateEvent
Consumer<StreamingEventType> eventHandler = event -> {...};

// Create a handler that will be invoked if an error is received
Consumer<JSONRPCError> errorHandler = error -> {...};

// Create a handler that will be invoked in the event of a failure
Runnable failureHandler = () -> {...};

// Send the streaming message to the remote agent
client.sendStreamingMessage(params, eventHandler, errorHandler, failureHandler);
```

#### Retrieve details about the server agent that this client agent is communicating with
```java
AgentCard serverAgentCard = client.getAgentCard();
```

An agent card can also be retrieved using the `A2A#getAgentCard` method:
```java
// http://localhost:1234 is the base URL for the agent whose card we want to retrieve
AgentCard agentCard = A2A.getAgentCard("http://localhost:1234");
```

## Server

TODO

Commit message:

example of java client running against python server

README.md, after:

# Java A2A SDK (WIP)

This project (currently WIP) will provide a Java SDK implementation of Google's [Agent2Agent protocol (A2A)](https://google.github.io/A2A/).

## Specification

The majority of the classes required by the specification can currently be found in the [src/main/java/io/a2a/spec](https://github.com/fjuma/a2a-java-sdk/tree/main/src/main/java/io/a2a/spec) directory.

## Client

An *initial* [A2AClient](https://github.com/fjuma/a2a-java-sdk/blob/main/src/main/java/io/a2a/client/A2AClient.java) class has been added. This is very much work in progress, we are working on implementing the methods required by the client side of the protocol.

### Sample Usage

#### Create a client

```java
// Create an A2AClient (the URL specified is the server agent's URL)
A2AClient client = new A2AClient("http://localhost:1234");
```

#### Send a message

```java
// Send a text message to the server agent
Message message = A2A.toUserMessage("tell me a joke"); // the message ID will be automatically generated for you
MessageSendParams params = new MessageSendParams.Builder()
        .id("task-1234") // id is optional
        .message(message)
        .build();
SendMessageResponse response = client.sendMessage(params);        
```

Note that `A2A#toUserMessage` will automatically generate a message ID for you when creating the `Message` 
if you don't specify it. You can also explicitly specify a message ID like this:

```java
Message message = A2A.toUserMessage("tell me a joke", "message-1234"); // messageId is message-1234
```

#### Get a task

```java
// Retrieve the task with id "task-1234"
GetTaskResponse response = client.getTask("task-1234");

// You can also specify the maximum number of items of history for the task
// to include in the response
GetTaskResponse response = client.getTask(new TaskQueryParams("task-1234", 10));
```

#### Cancel a task

```java
// Cancel the task we previously submitted with id "task-1234"
CancelTaskResponse response = client.cancelTask("task-1234");

// You can also specify additional properties using a map
Map<String, Object> metadata = ...        
CancelTaskResponse response = client.cancelTask(new TaskIdParams("task-1234", metadata));
```

#### Get the push notification configuration for a task

```java
// Get task push notification
GetTaskPushNotificationResponse response = client.getTaskPushNotificationConfig("task-1234");

// You can also specify additional properties using a map
Map<String, Object> metadata = ...
GetTaskPushNotificationResponse response = client.getTaskPushNotificationConfig(new TaskIdParams("task-1234", metadata));
```

#### Set the push notification configuration for a task

```java
// Set task push notification configuration
PushNotificationConfig pushNotificationConfig = new PushNotificationConfig.Builder()
        .url("https://example.com/callback")
        .authenticationInfo(new AuthenticationInfo(Collections.singletonList("jwt"), null))
        .build());
SetTaskPushNotificationResponse response = client.setTaskPushNotificationConfig("task-1234", pushNotificationConfig);
```

#### Send a streaming message

```java
// Send a text message to the remote agent
Message message = A2A.toUserMessage("tell me some jokes"); // the message ID will be automatically generated for you
MessageSendParams params = new MessageSendParams.Builder()
        .id("task-1234") // id is optional
        .message(message)
        .build();

// Create a handler that will be invoked for Task, Message, TaskStatusUpdateEvent, and TaskArtifactUpdateEvent
Consumer<StreamingEventType> eventHandler = event -> {...};

// Create a handler that will be invoked if an error is received
Consumer<JSONRPCError> errorHandler = error -> {...};

// Create a handler that will be invoked in the event of a failure
Runnable failureHandler = () -> {...};

// Send the streaming message to the remote agent
client.sendStreamingMessage(params, eventHandler, errorHandler, failureHandler);
```

#### Retrieve details about the server agent that this client agent is communicating with
```java
AgentCard serverAgentCard = client.getAgentCard();
```

An agent card can also be retrieved using the `A2A#getAgentCard` method:
```java
// http://localhost:1234 is the base URL for the agent whose card we want to retrieve
AgentCard agentCard = A2A.getAgentCard("http://localhost:1234");
```

## Examples

### Hello World Example

A complete example of an A2A client communicating with a Python A2A server is available in the [examples/helloworld](src/main/java/io/a2a/examples/helloworld) directory. This example demonstrates:

- Setting up and using the A2A Java client
- Sending regular and streaming messages
- Receiving and processing responses

The example includes detailed instructions on how to run both the Python server and the Java client using JBang. Check out the [example's README](src/main/java/io/a2a/examples/helloworld/README.md) for more information.

## Server

TODO
